docs: add Sphinx RST documentation pages (#451)
scylladb-zpp-2024-javascript-driver/scylladb-javascript-driver: docs/source/load-balancing/load-balancing.md

# Load Balancing

We recommend configuring load balancing using `DefaultLoadBalancingPolicy`.
While some of the policies present in the DataStax driver are still supported,
usage of those policies in new projects is discouraged.

If you are migrating from the DataStax driver, see the
[Load Balancing Policies](../migration-guide/migration-guide.md) section
of the Migration Guide.

## DefaultLoadBalancingPolicy

`DefaultLoadBalancingPolicy` is configured at creation time.
The following fields are available:

| Option | Default |
|--------|---------|
| `preferDatacenter` | `null` (no preference) |
| `preferRack` | `null` (no preference) |
| `tokenAware` | `true` |
| `permitDcFailover` | `false` |
| `enableShufflingReplicas` | `true` |

> | `allowList` | `null` (all hosts accepted) |

Reviewer: Nit: Formatted MD tables are much cleaner to read

- **Preferred datacenter and rack** — both fields are provided.
  The policy returns replicas in the local rack first, then other replicas in the
  datacenter, then remote replicas. Non-replica nodes follow the same ordering.

### Datacenter Failover

When `permitDcFailover` is `false` (the default), only local nodes are included
in load balancing plans. Remote nodes are excluded even if they are available.

When `permitDcFailover` is `true`, the policy will prefer alive remote replicas
if local nodes are unavailable and consistency constraints permit.

### Token Awareness

When token awareness is enabled (the default), the policy routes requests to the
node that owns the token range of the data being accessed. This minimizes network
traffic and maximizes locality.

> **Note:** Token awareness applies only to **prepared** statements, because the driver
> needs the routing key metadata returned at preparation time.

### Replica Shuffling

`enableShufflingReplicas: false` causes replica selection to use a fixed PRNG
seed, making replica ordering deterministic across calls.

This is mainly useful in testing to ensure repeatable ordering.
**We discourage its use in production.**

> 

Reviewer: A lot of (I would say well written) documentation from the Rust driver is cut here.

@wprzytula

Reviewer 2: Yes, i believe it should stay.

# Load balancing

We recommend to configure load balancing options using only `DefaultLoadBalancingPolicy`.
While some of the other built-in policies that were present in the DataStax driver,
are still supported by this driver, usage of those policies in new projects is discouraged.

If you are transferring from the DataStax driver, and would like to continue using
existing policies, see [migration guide](./migration_guide.md#load-balancing-policies) for more information.

## Configuring a DefaultLoadBalancingPolicy

`DefaultLoadBalancingPolicy` can be configured only at its creation.
The following fields can be configured:

- `preferDatacenter` (default: `null` - no preference)
- `preferRack` (default: `null` - no preference)
- `tokenAware` (default: `true`)
- `permitDcFailover` (default: `false`)
- `enableShufflingReplicas` (default: `true`)
- `allowList` (default: `null` - all hosts are accepted)

> You can assume `undefined` is equivalent to `null` for the purpose of all configurations.

Reviewer 2: ❓ Why has this been dropped?

Reviewer: It's moved down:

`**Note:** `undefined` is treated equivalently to `null` for all configuration options.`

Please note that for token awareness to be applied, a statement must be
prepared before being executed.

### Replica shuffling

Setting `enableShufflingReplicas` to `false` (default: `true`) does something
slightly different than its name suggests. It will cause all randomness-based
operations on replicas, like selecting random one or shuffling a list of them,
to always use PRNG with the same seed.
The setting has no effect for non-replica nodes. Those are always shuffled
randomly, without predefined seed. For that reason, this setting has no effect
if token awareness is disabled.
This is mostly useful in testing, to make sure subsequent calls to the policy
return replicas in the same order. We discourage its use in production setting.

### Allow list

You may want to limit the driver ability to connect to certain nodes.
It can be achieved by providing an allow list - list of hosts in
`ip:port` format, that can be used, when connecting to the database.
When this option is provided, any of the hosts that is not on the allow
list will be ignored when connecting to the database.
When this option is empty (set to `null`), all hosts (unless filtered by other load balancing options)

> can be used when connecting to the database.

Reviewer 2: 🤔 @adespawn I'm confused by the semantics here.
1. IIUC, allow lists are similar to `HostFilter` in Rust Driver, meaning that they control what nodes the driver opens connections to.
2. Unfortunately, this blends `HostFilter`'s responsibilities with `LBP`'s.
3. Can LBP be overriden for some statements, e.g. by using a different execution profile? The question is, can multiple LBPs be in use by a single `Client`?
4. If so, how are we going to actually respect the allow list, if user can alter it (by setting a different LBP for an existing `Client`) on the fly? Will driver break connections to no longer allowed nodes and start opening connections to newly allowed nodes?
5. Note that Rust Driver solves this issue by only allowing setting `HostFilter` once, during `Session`'s creation. `LBP` can't control opening connections to nodes in Rust Driver; it just controls using those connections to route statements to nodes.

> `DefaultLoadBalancingPolicy` is configured at creation time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`DefaultLoadBalancingPolicy` is configured only at creation time.
```

Author: Updated.

> `DefaultLoadBalancingPolicy` is configured at creation time.

Reviewer 2: Let's add a `### Configuration` section here.

> | `permitDcFailover` | `false` |

Reviewer 2: @adespawn Why is `permitDcFailover` `false` by default, contrary to Rust Driver's default? Is it inspired by DSx driver's behaviour?

Reviewer: That is a good question. I will need to look up into this a bit more, since I don't see this default value being set anywhere, so I'm not sure why did I wrote that this is default

> You can set all or only some of these options:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can set all or a subset of these options:
```

Author: Updated

> ### Datacenter Failover

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Datacenter Failover
```

Author: Fixed

> traffic and maximizes locality.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
traffic and maximizes locality, improving both throughput and latency.
```

Author: Updated

> a list of hosts in `ip:port` format. Any host not on the list is ignored.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To restrict the driver to a subset of cluster nodes, provide an `allowList`:
a list of hosts in `ip:port` format. Any host not on the list is ignored, i.e., the driver does not open any connections to it.
```
